Add Elyra reference to External Add-Ons section (#2820)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/external-add-ons/elyra/_index.md

+++
title = "Elyra"
description = "Elyra enables data scientists to visually create end-to-end machine learning (ML) workflows."
weight = 30
+++

> Elyra aims to help data scientists, machine learning engineers and AI developer’s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elyra aims to help data scientists, machine learning engineers and AI developers
```
